docs: document expected behaviour on user delete (EDP) (#2529)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: portal/api-consumer.mdx

5. Select **Save changes**
6. The user's permissions and details will update immediately

### Deleting Users

> When a consumer-admin deletes a team-member or another admin within an organization, the user is not actually deleted, but transferred to the `default_org`. The deleted user's apps are reassigned to the admin performing the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an API Consumer Admin deletes a team member or another admin within an organization, the user is not actually deleted; instead, they are transferred to the `default_org`. The deleted user's apps are reassigned to the admin performing the deletion.
```
